
9. Coi Leray - "Players" (got the Trick Daddy award for the Biggest Waste of a sample in 2023; for using incorrect grammar in hook and for making the "female" version of Grandmasters Flash & Furious Five's The Message)

8. Olivia Rodrigo - "Bad Idea Right?" (got the Teen Taylor Swift award only singing about one topic for 2023; for constantly singing about her ex-boyfriend and for being nostalgic for the times when she didn't even exist by doing the 4:3 80s style music video, also for singing the lyrics fast to hide her vocal abilities)

7. Jason Aldean - "Try That In a Small Town" (got the Toby Keith award for the Most Pandering Song of 2023; for talking about how in small towns you can also be charged for crimes like in bigger towns)

6. Sam Smith, Koffee & Jessie Rayez - "Gimme" (got the Pinkfong award for the Most Annoying Song of 2023; for its extremely repetitive hook, sexual references and for Toys stores playing the song constantly despite its sexual references)

5. will.i.am & Britney Spears - "Mind Your Business" (got the Muhammad Ali award for Not Knowing When Its Time to Retire of 2023; also for its repetitive hook, will.i.am and Britney's voice sounding like they are made through AI, also Britney's heavily Autotuned voice and for its lyrics being ironic)

4. Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice - "Barbie World" (got the Will Smith award for the Worst Soundtrack of 2023; for making Aqua's "Barbie Girl" sounding worse than original)

3. Drake & Lil Yachty - "Another Late Night" (got the Hayley Williams award for the Thinnest Skinned artist of 2023; for talking about dating non-legal aged women, also for including more and more lyrics as fast as possible and for Drake calling other people "weirdos" despite the fact that he is "weirdo" himself)

2. Fall Out Boy - "We Didn't Start The Fire" (got the Madonna award for the Most Unwelcomed Cover of 2023; for making their own version of the same titled song by Billy Joel, for being nostalgic about nostalgia by referencing most of the things happened between 1989-2023, also for its outdated 2000s sound)

1. Meghan Trainor - "Mother" (got the Iggy Azalea Memorial award for the Worst Song of 2023; Buckley did a Musical Autopsy for this song, but broke the rule because Buckley heavily expressed his dislike for this song; for being extermely hypocritical)

Honourable mentions

Ice Spice & Nicki Minaj - "Princess Diana" (for its unacceptable references of Princess Diana)

Kim Petras & Nicki Minaj - "Alone" (for sampling Alice Deejay's Better Off Alone)
Latto - "Lottery" (for using herself as a "Lottery prize" in lyrics)

Sexxy Red & Nicki Minaj - "Pound Town" (another rappers shameslessly insulting other people)

Bonus Award
